# Can Make Palindrome from Substring


## 题目
Given a string s, we make queries on substrings of s.

For each query queries[i] = [left, right, k], we may rearrange the substring s[left], ..., s[right], and then choose up to k of them to replace with any lowercase English letter. 

If the substring is possible to be a palindrome string after the operations above, the result of the query is true. Otherwise, the result is false.

Return an array answer[], where answer[i] is the result of the i-th query queries[i].

Note that: Each letter is counted individually for replacement so if for example s[left..right] = "aaa", and k = 2, we can only replace two of the letters.  (Also, note that the initial string s is never modified by any query.)

 

Example :

Input: s = "abcda", queries = [[3,3,0],[1,2,0],[0,3,1],[0,3,2],[0,4,1]]
Output: [true,false,false,true,true]
Explanation:
queries[0] : substring = "d", is palidrome.
queries[1] : substring = "bc", is not palidrome.
queries[2] : substring = "abcd", is not palidrome after replacing only 1 character.
queries[3] : substring = "abcd", could be changed to "abba" which is palidrome. Also this can be changed to "baab" first rearrange it "bacd" then replace "cd" with "ab".
queries[4] : substring = "abcda", could be changed to "abcba" which is palidrome.
 

Constraints:

1 <= s.length, queries.length <= 10^5
0 <= queries[i][0] <= queries[i][1] < s.length
0 <= queries[i][2] <= s.length
s only contains lowercase English letters.

## 思路

```
总结：
	判断一个字符串rearrange是否是回文:
如果字符串长度是奇数：
	字符串只能有一个字符出现奇数次数。
如果字符串长度是偶数：
	字符串不能出现有字符出现奇数次数。

假设可以修改次数为c，字符出现字符的个数为n(0<=n<=26)
如果字符串长度是奇数：
	则满足n-1<= c*2则为true
如果字符串长度是偶数：
	满足n <= c*2则为true
剪枝：
	如果c>=13必然可以通过rearrange和replace c个字符变成回文字符。

```

## 代码


```golang
func canMakePaliQueries(s string, queries [][]int) []bool {
    res := make([]bool, len(queries))
    count := [26]int{}
    oddCt, isOdd := 0, 0
    for index, query := range queries {
        if query[2] >= 13 {
            res[index] = true 
            continue
        }
        isOdd = (query[1] - query[0] + 1) & 1
        count = [26]int{}
        for i := query[0]; i <= query[1]; i++ {
            count[s[i]-'a']++
        }
        oddCt = 0
        for _, v := range count {
            if v % 2 != 0 {
                oddCt += 1    
            } 
        }
        if isOdd == 1 {
            oddCt--
        }
        if query[2] * 2 >= oddCt {
            res[index] = true
        }
    }
    return res
}
```
